mustang(1) -- mustang template compiler
=======================================

## SYNOPSIS

`mustang` --compile <TEMPLATE> <VIEW>   
`mustang` --render <TEMPLATE> <DATA>    
`mustang` --serve <TEMPLATE> <DATA> [[HOST:]PORT]    
`mustang` --validate <TEMPLATE> 

## DESCRIPTION

Mustang is a template engine for the ooc programming language.
It was inspired by Mustache templates. Mustang's syntax is fully
compatible with Mustache. Mustang should compile mustache templates
with no issues.

The `mustang` command is able to compile, render, or server
templates.

## COMPILING

Compiling requires the <TEMPLATE> file to be processed and the associated
<VIEW> class that supplies the data. A View class may look like this:

    MyView: class extends View {
        url: String
        title: String
        viewCount: Int
    }

A template to go with this view might look like:

    <a href="{{url}}">{{name}} (viewed {{viewCount}})</a>

Then compile the template with this command:

    `mustang` --compile example.mustang MyView.ooc

## RENDERING

Rendering allows supplying data in the form of a JSON file
which is then used to render the template.
Here is some mock data for our template:

    {
        "url": "http://ooc-lang.org",
        "title": ""ooc homepage",
        "viewCount": 10000
    }

We can then render the template with the following command:

    `mustang` --render example.mustang data.json > rendered.html

Notice the rendered output is sent via standard out which can
then be directed where you need it to go.

## SERVE

Another handy feature to use during template development is the serve option.
This runs an embedded web server which serves the rendered template via HTTP.
To serve the above template with our mock data execute:

    `mustang` --serve example.mustang data.json

You can then view this rendered template at: http://localhost:8000/
The template will always be freshly rendered for each page request.
This makes it very convenient to quickly preview your template with
updates shown on the fly.

## VALIDATE

Checks for any syntax errors in the <TEMPLATE> file.
Any errors found will be printed via standard out.

## OPTIONS

TODO: document any options here

## COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2010 Joshua Roesslein
Licensed under the BSD license.
See LICENSE for more details.

## SEE ALSO
mustang(5), mustache(5)
